Echo(Delay) - Delay is an audio effect that records an audio signal for playback a set period of time after the original signal. Delay can be played back indifferent ways to achieve sounds such as echoes that decay over time, or a pronounced repeated doubling effect that adds new layers to a recording.

Flanger - an audio effect produced by mixing two identical signals together, one signal delayed by a small and gradually changing period, usually smaller than 20 milliseconds. This produces a swept comb filter effect: peaks and notches are produced in the resulting frequency spectrum, related to each other in a linear harmonic series. Varying the time delay causes these to sweep up and down the frequency spectrum. A flanger is an effects unit that creates this effect. 

Phaser - A phaser is an electronic sound processor used to filter a signal by creating a series of peaks and troughs in the frequency spectrum. The position of the peaks and troughs of the waveform being affected is typically modulated so that they vary over time, creating a sweeping effect. For this purpose, phasers usually include a low-frequency oscillator. 

Chorus - Chorus is an effect obtained when similar sounds with slight variations in tuning and timing overlap and are heard as one.
It happens naturally when multiple sources make a similar sound overlap. Think of a real life choir singing multiple parts at the same time. They all overlap to form a distinct sound. The chorus effect does the same thing!

Equalisation - Equalization (or EQ) is the cutting or boosting of a particular frequency (or range of frequencies) in the frequency spectrum.
Humans can hear audio frequencies roughly between 20 and 20 000 Hertz (Hz). Any sound that human ears perceive sits somewhere in that frequency spectrum.
An Equalizer (EQ) divides that spectrum into sections (called ‘bands’) that you use to cut or boost parts of your sound.

Distortion - Distortion is an overloading of the audio circuit that causes the signal to clip. It might sound like something you wanna stay away from—but when used right it’s very effective as a creative tool. Bit-crushing is the lo-fi digital equivalent of the distortion effect.

Pitch shift - Distortion is an overloading of the audio circuit that causes the signal to clip. It might sound like something you wanna stay away from—but when used right it’s very effective as a creative tool. Bit-crushing is the lo-fi digital equivalent of the distortion effect.

Time stretching - Time stretching is the process of changing the speed or duration of an audio signal without affecting its pitch.

Modulation -  the encoding of information in a carrier wave by varying the instantaneous frequency of the wave. 

Compression - Compression is the reduction of dynamic range—the difference between the loudest and quietest parts of an audio signal. When compression is applied, the quieter parts of the signal are boosted and the louder ones are attenuated.

3D audio effects - 3D audio effects are a group of sound effects that manipulate the sound produced by stereo speakers, surround-sound speakers, speaker-arrays, or headphones. This frequently involves the virtual placement of sound sources anywhere in three-dimensional space, including behind, above or below the listener.

Reverse echo -  is a sound effect created as the result of recording an echo or delayed signal of an audio recording played backwards. The original recording is then played forwards accompanied by the recording of the echo or delayed signal which now precedes the original signal. 

